Let's read Ephesians chapter one.
We'll read verses one through six and then we'll pray.
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God.
To the saints who were in Maryland and faithful in Christ Jesus.
Grace to you in peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with ever spiritual blessing in heavenly places in Christ.
Just as He chose us in Him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before Him in love.
having predestined us to adoption as sons by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasures of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace by which he made us accepted in the beloved Lord we bless you Lord there's no one here today I know that doesn't start with we praise you
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for the season that we have.
Thank you for the moment of time that is before us that for 2,000 years we get to come and celebrate that you came.
That you came not just to walk this earth, you came for us, every last one of us.
And if that was all that you did was redeem us, that would be enough and the blessing of it.
But you would not stop there.
You made us holy.
You made us accepted in the beloved.
You set us apart.
You gave us a calling upon our lives to be yours.
You made us a special people.
And Lord, it was all because what you were willing to do for us.
And there is no Christmas without a cross.
Lord, it's so much beyond that you came.
It's what you came for.
It's so much beyond what you've shown.
It's what you showed the way of that you would take us into the heavenly.
And Lord, as we sit here as a family of believers, we sit here knowing that soon and very soon we're going to see you face to face because the word that you gave us and left to us, your
Where did you gave us of all the signs of what it would look like in these last days, Lord?
We know we are closing in.
I know your great grace.
You wish none should perish that all should seek repentance.
And so Lord, I know you could delay because of your great heart.
But Lord, I also know there's a time that you say enough and you say it's time.
And so Lord, we bless you and we rest in whatever you would choose that time to be.
But we pray for this moment in time, this day hour that you put before us as we come before you and we worship you in our heart.
We worship you through the word and we'll worship you through the communion, remembering what you've done for us.
Would you walk among this place?
And I know the evil one comes because he hates the word that we speak.
He hates that we believe that this Bible is inspired and right from your heart.
And so, Lord, I pray not just guard the heart of this place of the stream and those watching who couldn't make it, Lord.
But here for us, as he would come to try to disrupt and steal, kill, and destroy that word, then became flesh.
and the dwell among us, and the Word would be walking among us today.
Have your way, we pray, Lord, in your name, amen.
This is a recap of where we were last week, verse one and two, and Paul writes this.
We're doing more devotions.
I won't go into all the background things and the like, but it's Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ,
by the will of God to the saints who are in Ephesus and faithful in Christ Jesus.
What's God's will for you?
Did you think about that this week?
Because all this is replaceable, whether it's, you know, to the saints who are in Ephesus or Glen Bernie or wherever you're watching today.
And the name Paul is replaceable with your name and with my name.
Ray.
A.
Husband.
Father.
Bible teacher.
By the will of God.
And he puts that into every last one of us, whatever your position is, whatever he put in you,
All of us have this will of God for us.
And again, it's replaceable, the apostle part, the sent one.
But what has God been speaking to you this week?
What a week that just slowed down.
I hope, you know, it kind of shifts.
And I hope for you, and maybe you need to make a decision of, you know, Lord, and I say this every year,
because I'm the biggest guilty one of it all.
Don't let me miss Christmas.
because I can find myself so overloading and overdoing this and that, putting all this together and those type of things.
Maybe in your workplace, you're trying to close out the year or maybe in the house, you're trying to make the perfect atmosphere for your Christmas gathering or whatever it may be.
And none of those things are wrong, but there's a place where I go, I don't want December 26.
or December 25th at 9 or 10 o'clock at night and go I missed it.
What an opportunity the Lord just puts before us to just come and rest with him.
Kind of look at the end of the year considering the beginning of the year.
What is their will for me?
I'm going to tell you this for sure though.
And here's what every last one of us can leave here without a doubt for sure and absolutely the will of God is
saint as we read to the saints who are in Ephesus that is the ultimate will of God for every last one of us and we're gonna worship that we're gonna celebrate that today with communion at the end of these these things and I love it when I think about him as we'll take communion today in the garden
because there is no Christmas without a cross.
People say, you know, let's put Christ back into Christmas.
Oh, absolutely, you know, the X-mas.
But even more so, let's put the cross into Christmas because that's why it came to go to a cross.
That was ultimate reason why so that he might redeem us.
And I love the thought of it that he's there in that garden.
Father, if there be any other way, take this cup away.
But nevertheless, not thy will, but your will be done.
And that will was fulfilled perfectly.
And then it just makes me think, when I read this Paul and Apostle Jesus Christ by the will of God, if the cross was the will of God and it could not be undone, then Ray
a follower of Jesus Christ and every last one of us by the will of God therefore then cannot be undone.
By any means, this is my will for you that I make you mine.
This is my will for you that I'm going to make you a saint.
And a saint means set apart, dedicated, holy, as we look at that.
And this is my will for you, verse one.
I'm going to make you a saint.
I'm going to set you apart.
And the holy things there in the temple of God, the holy things of anything with God,
are things that are dedicated to him for his good pleasure and for his use and what's his ultimate use is this fellowship that we have with him and then of course with one another and then recap where we were last week of grace to you in peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
We won't go too far into it next week.
I'll just touch on some of the amazing political alliances that are aligning.
in our time and how they align to amazing things, Ezekiel 38 and 39, the Smagok invasion.
We always talk about that, a time where Israel will be at peace.
This is about the greatest peace they've had, but it won't last.
But anyways, and then it's
It speaks of these coalitions of Russian, Turkey, and Iran, and these type of things.
And this is all prophetic in how they then come down upon a Israel who feel their peace.
We'll talk more about it.
There are some African nations that are in there.
And this is the amazing thing.
As I read, and I look at these political alliances and align, even the United States, my mind is blown that we're making political military alliances with Qatar.
Which, you know, that just is amazing to me, you know.
not going to go into all that detail right now, but even us and the alliances that we're making, someone, someone punches you, we come and we stand with you, you know, and you got all this European Union forming, all stuff that God spoke would happen and we see forming from Revelation to Daniel, Ezekiel, amazing things line up.
But, you know, then it made me think about this.
It made me think of what is considered one of the greatest peace treaties so-called of our modern time.
And it's Israel with so-called peace with Hamas in Gaza, Hezbollah, Houthis, you know, and all these things.
And it just made me think about this and I want you to think about it.
In all my studies, I don't know of any peace treaty that was ever signed in love.
Do you see that?
Do you just consider that?
every peace treaty was a peace treaty that was war and the war was we'll stop hating each other and this is where I just come and my heart just gets moved as I look at these things and I go this is the only peace treaty that I know ever signed that was signed in love that God in love made a peace treaty with us through his son
that we might have peace with Him, even though we broke His holy law, even though we have offended Him by our sin, and yet He would come, and as we take communion, and this is all kind of a communion, pre-Christmas communion, and things to think about going into Christmas, just a couple verses to let wash over us and celebrate the season that we're in by grace.
God, G-R-A-C-E, God's riches at Christ expense is what brought this peace.
And this peace brought this was signed with this love of God for us.
And I'm just blown away.
And every time I look at so-called peace treaties, I can always be reminded that peace treaty was made by two people that truly hate each other.
And here's a peace treaty written with me for me by God who loves me.
I read a story, take it for what it's worth.
Can't verify it, but it's still a good story.
Supposedly World War I, France, soldier, allied, killed in action.
The chaplain came upon a church
and met the priest and says, we have to move on.
Tomorrow we roll, but we want to bury this loved one right here on this soil in this grave outside your church.
Can you chaplain the priest?
Can you accommodate that?
And the priest would say, I can't.
He's not of our nation, and he's not of our denomination.
He goes, but what I can do for peace between us, you can bury him right outside the fence of the church, because there's the church and there's the graveyard.
Then there was a fence going around.
You can bury him right outside the fence, to which they did.
They go back to their unit.
Tomorrow the unit begins in the morning.
They march.
They're going to march past this church and they say, we will stop and we'll pay one last respect as we pass through here.
We'll stop at this grave and we'll pay our last respect, then we'll move on.
Then the story says and goes, when they came upon the church, they looked for the gravesite right outside the fence and there was no gravesite.
It was gone.
Then there'd be will or meant they go, what happened?
Then they asked the priest, they say, where's the grave site?
Did you move it?
And the priest goes, no, I didn't move it.
I moved the fence.
And I put the fence outside so that he would be inside because my heart couldn't bear him being outside the fence.
read that story and I go, man, that is not a picture of what our Lord has done for us.
if we should have been outside the fence of his love because of breaking his holy law and transgressing and these type of things instead rather than putting us outside and say this is as close as you can come he puts a fence around us through his love to bring us in that we might enjoy this fellowship with him and with each other no denominations no walls being down only those who had the same one common thing God and his love through his son Jesus Christ for the
forgiveness of sin and new life.
And we'll take communion and we'll celebrate that today, but I'm sitting here today in a place of a God who made peace with me of the only peace treaty ever signed in love through the blood that proved God's no greater love has he than this to lay down his life for a friend.
He calls me friend, then he puts the, he moves the fence that says, even though you shouldn't now I'm going to make you inside of my
my church, my body, my place and then it goes on to verse 3 that says, blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in Christ.
I love this word in the Greek blessed and it's a compound word and it's
What we speak, it's the Greek word, and you know, I always butcher them, but you're so gracious, God bless you.
You go, yulejetos.
Maybe it sounds familiar.
Eulogy is where we get our English word.
And when you go to a funeral, what's the eulogy?
It's to speak well of somebody.
is to speak of their character, their nature, the things they have done, their heart, and all the things of this person.
And we come and we have this eulogy where we come and we speak well of the person.
Interestingly, again, from what my studies have found in just doing some digging and these type of things,
Mind you, this is Ephesus.
Mind you, this is one of the most carnal places on the whole planet.
It's filled with all the pagan worship.
It's filled with all the Greek and Roman gods in worship around.
It has all the writings of these Greek deities, so-called small G is what I will put in there.
And nowhere in all of the writing
All those writings of those false gods, was it ever used in connection, what we read here, that they used the word blessed, eulogy, with a false god.
In their Greek writings, which are all written and inspired by the devil himself, it's like God wouldn't allow the devil.
Yeah, you can inspire these people, but here's the limit.
You can't use the word blessed around them.
You can't do that.
that's reserved for one and one only, blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Speak well only of the God and Father.
It's the only place it'll tie together.
And we, you can read the rest of Ephesians, not sure what God, where we go,
In 2026, these are the passages that I know would be the great year ending as we come into Christmas and these type of things but you
take the book of Ephesians is called the Swiss Alps of the New Testament because it takes you in the heights that no other New Testament book does speaks of all that God has done for us and that's doctrine three chapters and then chapter four through six comes to the duty in the calling that we respond and do but this is some of the greatest teachings in all the scriptures of course all the scriptures are awesome and I just see something here that God speaks and says
You want to understand the depths of the rest of this book.
Here's what you do.
Because this is truly, when you go to a funeral, a eulogy, you stop and you actually speak.
And if you want to come to a place, the understanding, the greatness of this book, he starts and he says by, start by praise.
And praise of me opens up the understanding to the rest of this book.
the depths that I'm going to take you because in chapter we're going to see verses four and five we're going to talk about we're chosen and in chapter and then verses five and six for Christmas Eve we're going to talk about being adopted into the family of God and he says you want something to unlock you you want something to come into your heart here start with a blessing what would you blessing for today right now
I know we stay kind of reserved here.
But just in your heart, Lord, I bless you.
I speak well of you.
Before I take communion, this is kind of pre-moving of the heart for the communion that we take.
It's all part of communion as far as I'm concerned.
I just want to take a couple minutes.
Um, you can fill in from your quietness of your heart and your seat, but Lord, I bless you.
I speak well of you because of your perfect love.
Perfect love wrote this book.
Perfect love came down and perfect love moved fences to bring me in even as a Gentile.
non-Jewish, if you want to go into all that.
You grafted us in, who were outside even the base of the faith of Judaism.
And you moved the fence to say, break down the walls of separation.
And you brought us in as Gentiles, non-Jews.
And you invited us to bring us into your presence, with their fullness of joy.
and life forevermore.
Lord, we speak well of You because of what You've done.
We speak well of You because You show up and You ministered us every time we gather together, whether it's in our homes or the quietness of our own personal devotions or here in this beautiful way as the body comes together.
We speak well of you because of what you've done.
We speak well of you because it is done.
And so Lord, would you continue hearing our hearts open in this word that we might even go deeper in our understanding of what you've done?
And we pray that in your precious name.
And verse three goes on to say, who has blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places
in Christ.
She will go down as the greatest miser probably in the history of America.
You can check her out in encyclopedia Britannica to hear her story.
Her name is Hattie Green and she passed in 1916.
She
is known and you can read her history through American history books as one of the most powerful women of that part of the century.
She became a land bearer, baron, a real estate guru, and then she became a business person that everybody knew for her shrewdness.
When the stock market crashed and struggled through and these type of things, she knew how to take advantage of those things and capitalize on those things.
And when she died in 1916, she died in that term, that day, $100 million.
Take that and try to put it in today's term.
And I didn't do the math, but I bet you it's multi-billions.
And yet she will go down to be known as the greatest miser of her generation because as rich as she was, she lived in no thrills housing.
She had no servants.
She would eat cold potage because she didn't want to spend the money to heat.
to warm it.
When she would read the newspaper in the morning, when she was done after carefully reading the newspaper, she would fold the newspaper back up, give it to her son and make him go back out on the street to sell it, resell it to get the nickel back.
And she has a hundred million dollars.
Cyclopedia Britannica will support this statement.
Her son suffered an injury of his foot.
He ended up losing his foot to gangrene because she had him wait in the free clinic line rather than taking him to the hospital.
Even with all of her health, she waited in the free clinic line.
And by the time he would be seen, it would be too late.
And they would have to amputate her foot.
This is a true story of a true person.
And she is known as one of the greatest misers in all the world.
She lived as a popper even though she was one of the greatest wealthiest persons on the earth.
And you know what I say about that as I look at her story and I think of those things.
She had limitless wealth and she lived like a pauper and sometimes I asked myself, blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with every spiritual blessing in heavenly places.
Do I live like a popper sometimes when I have the unlimited wealth of God the Father at my disposal?
And you know, surely not talking about prosperity doctrine of materialism, but I am talking about a material.
I am talking about a prosperity doctrine of spiritual things.
And when I sit there and I look at myself and I go, I have the unlimited
wealth and access into the throne of God for every spiritual blessing that I want.
And I can sit here and sometimes sit and miss the harvest that is before me.
Galatians five for the fruit of the spirit.
Here's what's unlimited to you and I, the fruit of the spirit, love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness,
and self-control.
Is there anyone in this world that I can't love?
If I can't love them, I'm living like a pauper, regardless of what they've done to me, because I can still love them and say, God, what you do is up to you.
But I can love joy.
Do I need to live in any type of doom or doubt that my God has a plan for me?
Ray, a husband, father,
Bible teacher by the will of God all of us with our calling that he puts could we possibly live and think by any means that God doesn't see us we read this passage here we're gonna look at the babe in Bethlehem and we're gonna go you didn't come for them yes well you did but you came for me as well can I live in a life other than joy can I live in a life other than peace a God who moved the fence
signed a peace treaty for me in his blood that the war, there is no war between us.
I signed a peace treaty in love for you.
Patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control, all of these type of things.
And all the promises of God are yes and amen.
Second Corinthians 1.20, we talked about that last week.
All the promises of God are yes and amen.
And that just makes me, before we head into a communion and just a time together, short message today.
I know you always say that, but what promise do you need today?
How about Hebrews 13.5, I'll never leave you nor forsake you.
Even when you feel forsaken, I'll never leave you.
How about Matthew 11, 28?
Come to me, all you who labor and heavy laden.
I'll give you rest.
Do you need that rest?
Do you feel a burden today?
How about this one, John 1930?
Here's a promise.
It is done.
Rest in me.
because of grace and peace has been done.
How about Zephaniah 3.17 last week's message that we talked about?
I'm a God who sings over you.
That is almost one of the most hardest things for me to imagine.
God in heaven right now at the throne singing over Ray Bullis.
Because this morning when I shaved Ray Bullis, I saw a sinner.
But when I come to this word and I go, you need to go back and look in that mirror.
You shave the sinner saved by grace, who God left the throne was willing to save because he says that's the treasure that I want.
And then an amazing one, and maybe it's the one you need, this promise is Romans 8, Hebrews 7, I live to make intercession.
John 14, I go and prepare a place for you.
What an amazing promise.
And I love in the verse three, there's a location in these blessings and it's mean so much to us.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ who had blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in Christ.
The blessings have a location.
And it just makes it so easy for us when we think about these things because, you know, I want to sometimes think the blessing is in my knowledge of the word.
Sometimes I think the blessing is my knowledge of wisdom.
Or we can think blessing is in the church, or it's in the ministry, or it's in the working, or it's in the marriage, whatever these type of things.
And we think that's where we find the blessing, but instead we simply come, you want the blessing, it's in Christ Jesus.
You don't have to reach far.
You don't even have to go anywhere.
And there's a verb that's used that is so rich that when it says, when Jesus said, follow me, what's your vision of that?
What does that look like to you?
I think all of us do the same thing.
And then when you can see the movies and the shows and all the cartoons and all these things, follow me is always what.
And especially in my mind, I'm 10 steps back.
10 back, 10 to the left.
I am always behind, I am following.
You know what the verb tense means?
It means to walk alongside me.
So when you read the word and when you see the shows and all these type of things, when he says, follow me, he's saying, come walk alongside of me.
You're not behind me.
I don't want you from a distance.
You walk alongside me.
And then as we think about those things and we're walking alongside of him, there just comes this place that we simply go.
We simply look over and say,
Here's the spiritual blessing that I need.
Here's what I need right now as we walk together.
It's the spiritual blessings in Christ Jesus.
We don't have to reach far for it.
We don't have to go to some depth for it.
We're simply walking and saying, Lord, I need love.
I need this joy.
I need this peace today.
I need the peace which passes all understanding these type of things.
And I think one of my favorite visions, picture,
that I see in the Bible and there's so many but when you just slow down and you you stop because you know we talked about Ephesians 2 6 where you know we are seated with him we're seated and we can just rest we don't have to run we don't have to catch up to him or any of these type of things we're just seated in Christ in the heavenly places but it's that young apostle John
at that last supper.
When we read it, it says that he, the one whom Jesus loved, we know from the others that it's passage and cross reference.
It's John the apostle.
At the last supper before Jesus Christ is going to the cross.
Imagine what that heart was like, knowing what was before you.
And John, it says, him who Jesus loved,
rested his head on his bosom.
And I go, John got to hear the heart beat of God, beating for him.
And he rested.
And I sit in this absolute amazement today.
As I read the word, I'm resting my head on the chest of God's bosom.
alongside of them.
And what do I hear is his heart beating for me.
His heart beating for my friends and family here today, and I can just rest.
And verse four, before we take communion.
Just as he chose us, title of this message, in him, before the foundation of the world,
that we should be holy and without blame before him in love just as he chose us in him before the foundation of the world.
Charles Spurgeon, known as the Prince of Preachers, you know you've heard of the million times.
He said, thank God Jesus chose me before the foundation of the world, because he surely wouldn't chose me now.
And I sit and go, amen to that, amen and amen.
But I am so glad that we are chosen.
And again, an amazing verb tense in the original language and the amazing word in the original language.
It's a word that means once and for all.
And it also means, so in its action, once and for all, it's done.
You're chosen, it's done.
And then the meaning behind the word is out from among.
So it's one, it's done, once and for all.
I chose you from out of among the world.
And Ray, when I say it's done, you're mine.
When he speaks to you, it's done, it's done.
And a saint, as we studied, you're set apart as we studied.
a saint was a holy thing and the holy things were set apart and the holy things were set apart for one thing dedicated on to the Lord.
And we can say I'm dedicated on to you Lord to live my life and serve you.
This is true.
But in the application as we look at in the context that it is, you're dedicated and set apart for me to love you and the love upon you.
I chose you in love that I might love you and live in you and draw you and bring you close to me in me.
And I was, again, thinking of chosen.
Whether it's, I don't know of anyone here, but it's especially if you lived in any type of sports world, but I think we were all forced in and to it regardless when you were in grade school and you had play, you know, the playground and you went out during playground and you'd have pickup
kickball or pickup dodgeball or you fill it in and or if it was in the you know the neighborhood at the end of school and you were doing a pickup game anybody remember those things I don't know how great an athlete you might have been but I kind of never remember being first picked but do you remember some of those times like it was all almost dreadful
the thought of pickup because it was like I just want to play the game why do we have to have two captains and they pick up I pick you okay I choose you I choose you I choose you and then we pick up a team because it almost became like the most dreadful part of the game is that you're like I just don't want to be last just once I don't want to be last because it always comes down and there's always two people it's always two people and it's really both of those people
are in the same place that you kind of go we're both down to the last two because we're both the last two nobody wants and I really if I could just not be the last last that would be okay but by default once you pick that that would mean I'd rather I'll take you just because you're a little less worse than this person over here and I was reading the story of this man he was telling the story and he said
all my life I was always last and I would always say just once I don't want to be last.
I'll never be first picked but just once the not to be last picked and he says and then one day these two new players came and they were older than us and they got to be the team captains each of them
And so it was these two, and he said, and for the first time in my life, I was picked first.
And he goes, my team captain, it was my brother.
And oh, what a picture.
Our team captain is our brother in Christ.
He is Christ.
He picks us first.
He doesn't pick us last.
I guess I have to take you.
There's no, no choice in these type of things.
Our brother picks us first and he, and then he doesn't just pick us.
He comes and he says these things holy that we should be.
It's a will be are holy.
and without blame before him in love because the next verse next week having predestined us like it's done it's not like hey I chose you now be holy and without blame it's I chose you I will make you you are holding without blame sandwiched between predestined and before that that were saints and we come here while we're already holding without blame because we're saints and we're set apart and I just want to close with this statement
as we pick up our communion elements today is in Romans, Revelation 12.10, there's an accuser of the brethren.
That's the dragon, that devil.
And he comes and he accuses us.
And it is so easy for me when I look at myself and consider myself and look back over many things regarding myself, then he shows up with accusations.
It's easy for me to go, yeah.
Yep.
And right there is an evaporation of the spiritual blessing of love, of joy, of peace.
Until I come and I put it into my context of when the accuser of the brethren comes and I come to these first six verses of Ephesians, there's nothing that he says can stick to me.
Nothing.
Because when he tries to hit it, it's the Teflon of forgiveness.
And it just rolls right on us because I am chosen how?
In love because John 4-8, first John 4-8, God is love.
So our being chosen, we're chosen by a special way in love because perfect love is he who chose us.
And there we have this place for today.
Lord, as we hold these communion elements and we look at this,
bread, and we think about what it was like that night.
We can think it.
It's there for us.
As John rested his head on your bosom, I like that word better than chest.
It sounds so endearing.
I'm resting, we're resting our head upon you today.
And we heard your heartbeat.
How fast was your heart beating knowing that the cross was coming?
The shame?
Or was your heart beating fast because, as you said, for the joy that was set before you, you despised the shame, the cross that you might redeem us?
Looking forward to what would come 2,000 years later,
in a room in Glenburne, your saints would come together and we would celebrate your love and we would celebrate that we're yours, that we've been accepted in the beloved.
You've made us holy and without spotter blemish, blameless.
It was because of your willingness to become the Lamb of God who would take away the sin of the world.
The babe in Bethlehem, there is no Christmas without a cross.
It would mean nothing if you were came and you were born.
But you were born for a reason, the only one in history to ever be born to die.
And you died for us, a body that was given for us, bruised and pierced, but willingly
because you had to come and move the fence to graft us in.
We take this bread and we do it in remembrance of you.
Christian, my brothers and sisters, just as you look at this cup, it's a cup of a new covenant.
We just read the new covenant here.
Wasn't based on any of our works.
It's all based on His finished work.
In the Old Covenant we failed.
We were outside the fence.
Nothing could bring us inside the wall.
And yet all the sin that was written against us that we failed cleansed and washed away the handwriting against us through one drop of the precious blood of Jesus Christ.
I just want you to look at this cup for just one minute, think and pondering, speak well of him, the eulogy.
How much are you worth that he would, God himself, pour out his blood for you, for us?
He can't have Christmas without a cross.
And here we are celebrating the greatest story ever told.
God came down to lift us up.
We thank you Lord.
We see our worth and may no one leave here in anything less than the precious priceless worth they are bought with blood
of God.
This is what you considered us.
We praise you for it.
We love you for it.
As you sing over us, we sing over you the beautifulness of our Savior.
Let's take the cup and do this in remembrance of you.
Oh, blessed be his name.
Praise the Lord.
Father, I close with
Prayer of thanksgiving.
I thank you for giving us to do this in remembrance of you.
Because the remembrance of you becomes the remembrance of us as well.
Of what you were willing to do, what you did.
If there'd be any other way, take this cup away.
There was no other way.
It was the will of the Father.
But that's how sin would be forgiven.
And therefore the will of God cannot be undone.
It will be fulfilled in perfection.
Paul and the saints here in Glenburne.
An apostle sent one of Jesus Christ by the will of God.
to the saints who are in Glen Bernie and faithful in Christ Jesus.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with every spiritual blessing in heavenly places
in Christ, just as He chose us in Him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before Him in love.
Thank you.
We bless you.
We praise you for making us holy and without blame.
Lord, I pray a blessing upon your people today, a special warmth of your love.
And Lord, I pray as we enter into just a couple days before Christmas and all that comes with it,
that we can rest in you, rest our heart, our head against the bosom of God and hear the word spoken to us of how your heart beats for us.
Thank you for giving us just a moment to slow down before this Christmas and to sit at your feet and to rest and hear your heart beat for us.
We love you.
In your name, amen.
Amen.
God bless you.
Christmas Eve, if you can make it, if not,
Read the newspaper next week we'll be talking some amazing things.